---
layout: blog_full_layout
title: Staff, Artists & Makers
category: who
image: 
---

##Charity Ellis
**_Co-Founder/Owner & Project Curator:_** Charity is a filmmaker with a background in fibre arts, music, languages and dance. Her film career has extended from music videos and experimental art films to Hollywood blockbusters and cable television. She is currently completing two feature length documentaries through her Oakland-based production company, made from scratch films. For balance, she trains dancers and non-dancers in Gyrokinesis and Gyrotonic. In her spare time, Charity bakes and hikes in the east bay hills, and keeps goats, a dog and bees with her son, Desmond.


##Corey Weinstein
**_Co-Founder/Owner & Project Curator:_** Corey is an artist and an entrepreneur. In addition to her work at CAMP 510, Corey is a realtor with Orange Door Properties at Red Oak Realty. Corey has a background in art and event planning, and volunteers as one of the producers of the East Bay Mini Maker Faire. She sometimes gets to work (play) as a Production Designer for independent films and she performs as part of the all-women musical ensemble, Toychestra. Corey and her son Benjamin live in Oakland with their dog, Firebolt.

##Iris Haas-Biel
**_Site Director:_**



##Neil Aho
A K-8 hands-on science and math teacher for over 13 years in the East Bay, Neil has been running a K-8 science fair for more than 10 years where he leads an entire school through the processes of a science fair project from beginning to end. Neil Aho’s background in science is as an endangered species researcher in Chile, under the ozone in 1999, while as student at UCSC. He has recently been a professional wilderness guide in Yosemite, and he has lead students on ropes courses for over 10 years, but Neil is most well know for his storytelling and his Lego based Magnetic Marble Machines, that you can see in action here on his website: https://neilahoscience.wordpress.com/.


##Gregory Gavin
Gregory Gavin is a visual artist with a social cause. His site specific project called “Riveropolis,” was born out of his interest in bringing inner-city people together in a man-made environment reminiscent of nature. With this project, Gavin hopes to create a meeting place for people in much the same way as a watering hole found in nature is a meeting places for animals. He’s been commissioned by the Yerba Buena Center for the Arts, the de Young Museum, and has piloted summer camps for the Bay Area Discovery Museum and MOCHA.



##Tenaya Hurst
Tenaya Hurst is a maker from Berkeley and started Rogue Making to bring electricity to students all over the U.S. Tenaya has a B.A. from Indiana University in Theatre, Geological Sciences and Anthropology. After many years of successful theatre and film work, she found a position at the Tech Museum of Innovation in San Jose. There she learned what an Arduino is, and now works for Arduino as Education Accounts Manager. In many forms, mediums, and crafts, Tenaya hopes to teach your young makers many ways to enjoy creating crafts and products with electricity! Check out her music videos on youtube, “I’m So Maker,” “Happy Making,” and “This Is How We Make”

##Anna Kingsley
Anna is an Oakland-based letterpress printer, book binder, and teacher. She presently operates Pickypockets Press, a letterpress studio and bindery. Anna also teaches origami in many after school programs with Jennifer Linderman of Origami Mami, an origami program which teaches traditional origami forms in a fun and playful setting. Anna is the mother to three teenage daughters who attend Oakland schools.


##Tabi Musselwhite



##Alex Nolan
Whether it is metals, ceramic, wood, composites, or found objects, Alex Nolan strives to take common materials and evolve them into mechanical, musical wonders of physics and design. While traditional sculpture is his background, kinetic art represents his interests and upbringing. Recently he constructed Ursus Redivivus, a nearly 12 foot tall monument of the extinct California Grizzly Bear—one with a bit of kinetic surprise if you get up close. Ursus was a collaboration with artist Chad Glashoff and the Glasshoff sculpture ranch in Suisun Valley. Believe it or not, the Bear is a commission from the landlord of the Shattuck Ave. Walgreens in downtown Berkeley. He asked Alex to build a sculpture from the scrap of the escalator that was removed during a remodel.


##Professor Pincel
Professor Pincel has been training in Capoeira for 14 years and teaching for 10 years. He is a part of the United Capoeira Association and a graduate student under the renowned Mestre (Master) Acordeon. Professor Pincel has spent the last 9 years teaching adults and kids of all races, ages and backgrounds in Richmond, Berkeley, Oakland, and San Francisco in numerous after-school programs and special programs for youth. He has had the opportunity to travel all over the world teaching workshops, doing shows and demos and learning from world-renowned Mestres. He is currently a teacher and Director of Academics and manages the UCA’s children’s programs and admissions at the Capoeira.


##Chelsea Smith
I began my life engaging in diverse communities and cultures, having grown up in California, Kansas, Missouri and Germany. As an adult I have continued to seek out and thrive in new environments, from teaching English in South Korea in 2012 to completing a Bachelor of Arts (Hon) in Ceramics at Camberwell College of Arts in London in 2010. 

My curiosity about global visual art cultures has led me to artist residencies at Gamli Skóli Art House in Hrisey, Iceland in 2014 and Sanskriti Kendra in New Delhi, India in 2012. My love of collaboration in the arts has led me to working with artists such as Klara Kristalova in Norrtälje, Sweden and Anna Maria Maiolino in London, England. 
Growing up I found an early love of advocacy work and I continue my commitment to community inclusion and integration in the arts through my work at NIAD Arts Center in Richmond, CA and the Museum of Children's Arts: MOCHA in Oakland, CA. 


##Angie Wilson
Angie Wilson is a textiles-based artist. Her career started at the age of eight when she became obsessed with weaving potholders and sewing them together into quilts. Recently, she has been weaving expansive sculptural carpets incorporating Persian carpet motifs, American rag rugs, and other craft traditions, reflecting on traditions of re-use in the midst of economic crisis. Angie has her MFA in Fine Arts from San Francisco State University, and in 2011-2012 was awarded a fellowship at the Headlands Center for the Arts. Angie has worked for the last eight years as a costume designer and stitcher for Bay Area dance and theater companies.



