---
title: rates
category: rates
---

| Camp | Rate per week |
| ---- | ------------: |
| _STart CAMP_ |$540|
|_XP CAMP_ |$575|
| River Camp&#42; | $550 |


&#42;Discounts do not apply to River Camp.

#### __Extended Care:__

   * $160/week for both AM/PM
   * $55/week Full extended morning
   * $140/week Full extended afternoon
   * $15/hour Drop-in extended care
   * $13.50/day Drop-in extended morning
   * $40/day Drop-in extended afternoon

#### __Discounts:__

Join our mailing list for special discount offers: <a href="/subscribe.html" >here.</a>


#### __Financial Aid:__

CAMP 925 offers a limited amount of financial aid both in the form of work-trade and also on a first-come, first-served, need-proven basis. We will begin taking applications for Summer 2016 in early March. Email us for more information: <a href="mailto:{{ site.email }}">here.</a>

#### __Terms and Conditions__

Our Tax ID number is 45-4591514

Upon registration you will be emailed a confirmation of weeks enrolled and fees. This confirmation email will also include our Tax ID number again for your filing convenience, as well as a welcome packet overflowing with important information to help you and your CAMPer be prepared for their week at CAMP 510.

_Please note:_

1. CAMP 925 enrollment is non-transferable.
	That said, we realize sometimes family plans change and we can offer you a one time transfer to another week of CAMP, provided there is space, for a $25 fee.
2. In the event you need to cancel your child’s enrollment, we offer the following refunds:
   * A 50% refund when you cancel two or more weeks prior to the beginning of camp.
   * No refund less than two weeks prior to the beginning of camp