---
layout: info_layout
title: A HANDS-ON SUMMER DAY CAMP FOR CURIOUS AND CREATIVE KIDS AGES 6-14
category: info
---

*CAMP 510* exists to cultivate a community of makers who have the creative agency and confidence to help shape a better world. At *CAMP 510*, your child explores the innovative and magical in studio art, tinkering, public art, food and cooking, electronics, building, soldering and welding, sewing, crafts, video, music, and more. Unique projects are carefully chosen for each week of *CAMP* and are scaled to be developmentally appropriate for each age group of *CAMP*ers. Equipped with the right tools in a participatory community environment, these projects are led by professional artists and makers in the spirit of **_D-I-T_** (do it together). *CAMP 510* is located on the Park Day School campus in Temescal, Oakland. 

*Campers must be 6 years old and entering 1st grade to attend _CAMP_

### Start CAMP

Studio Trio Art Camp — *STart CAMP* — offers three projects each week and is designed to engage *CAMP*ers entering grades 1-5. In this program, *CAMP*ers rotate in small groups to each of the three projects every day, all five days of the *CAMP* week. This is a structured environment that offers developmentally appropriate challenges and levels of materials usage for young makers and artists, and is well-suited to the creative needs of these ages. With a 1:4 staff to CAMPer ratio, your child will have plenty of support to complete projects. Each project of the day is hyphenated with a recess time (see our Typical Day schedule below).

<div class="center">
	<a href="start.html" class="btn btn-dark source">Start Calendar</a>
</div>

### XP CAMP

*XP CAMP*s are week-long, intensive and process-oriented projects for older CAMPers (Xtra Process). In *XP CAMP*, older children focus on one project all day, all week. This format meets their needs to learn more and do more, and allows these artists and makers to delve into the material full steam ahead. XP projects encourage this age group to be ambitious, take risks, explore their tools & skills, work together and independently, and to dive deep.

*XP* classes on average have 15 spaces available and are for campers entering grades 5-8. Some projects, due to their nature, vary in spaces available or ages they are offered to. Each XP project page will specify its details. Spaces are limited, and fill up quickly. We do offer waitlists.

Is your child interested in something enough to have the stick-with-it-ness needed to focus on it all day, all week long?? And do they want to deepen their maker curiousity and skills? Are they able to accept and set personal challenges? Are they willing to fail and try again? Can they work independently and collaboratively in a community of peers? If yes to all of this, then *XP* is likely a good fit! 

<div class="center">
	<a href="xp.html" class="btn btn-dark source">XP Calendar</a>
</div>

### River Camp 

River CAMP becomes an Ocean this summer!

Young makers and architects will design their own sculpted landscape version of **_The Lost Continents of Atlantis_** — five floating “subcontinents” connected by causeways, bridges and working boats.

This highly social and creative process of island-continent-making involves art, craft, design and plenty of social play. We will simultaneously think like inventors, architects and ecologists, inventing an Atlantis of fantastical landscape art replete with characters and stories to be proudly featured at our culminating grand tour event in an expansive *oceanopolis.*

<div class="center">
	<a href="river.html" class="btn btn-dark source">River Calendar</a>
</div>

### A Typical Day

#### __CAMP 510__ is an active verb environment where CAMPers create, make, grow, play and share.

In this diverse urban day camp community, unique projects are combined weekly for an immersive exploration of thematic artistic processes. Each day begins with morning circle time, a space where we shape our community, and create as a group, the atmosphere and guidelines by which we extend respect to those around us. Structured creative project times of the day are punctuated with free play time, quiet time and choice activity time. 

The *CAMP* day is from 9am-3:00pm. Extended Day (Club Time) hours are available from 8:00- 9:00am and 3:00pm-6:00pm.

#### Daily Arrival and Departure:

8:00 – 9:00 am     – Extended Morning. Registration suggested.

9:00 – 9:15 am     – Supervised Free Time

9:15 – 9:30 am     – Circle Time – All Campers

9:30 – 10:45 am  - Project A

10:45 – 11:30 am  - Snack Time & Free Play

11:30 – 12:45 pm   – Project B

12:45 - 1:45 pm     – Lunch & Free Play/Choice Time &  15 minute Quiet Time (reading, finger knitting, drawing, resting, etc…)

1:45 – 3:00 pm     – Project C

3:00 – 3:15 pm      - Pick-up for campers not in extended day club time

3:15 – 3:45 pm     – Extended Day Afternoon Begins with Snack Time & Afternoon Circle

3:45 – 6:00 pm     – Club Time (Elective Activities)

Our main entrance is located at 360 42nd Street (where 42nd and Opal Street meet) This is the main entrance to Park Day School. Please park mindfully in the neighborhood and walk your CAMPer into CAMP. Alternately, bike parking is available on campus.

*Not familiar with Park Day School? Look for CAMP 510′s colorful flags, banners, and posters as you enter through the 42nd Street gate.*

The XP projects also last from 9am to 3pm, so the day length is the same as for the other CAMPers, with the exception of our Week 3 (July 5-8), when our XPs run until 4pm.
If you have further questions about any XP project, please do not hesitate to contact us at <a href="mailto:{{ site.email }}">{{ site.email }}</a>

#### Friday afternoon Gallery Crawl and social

Every Friday afternoon at 3:00pm, we will highlight the creative work of the week with a gallery exhibit and refreshments (usually made by campers in their cooking projects).

---

#### What is Club Time?

Team sports • origami • water play • board games • drawing • scavenger hunts • cooking • building marble runs that fill a room • rockets • reading • blogging • friendship bracelets • camera building • baking • gardening • fort building • sewing • large bubble blowing • music making • hula hooping • puppets • dance party…

---

#### What you can send with your camper each day:

• A nutritious lunch

• Refillable water bottle (out of regard for our planet, disposable cups are not available)

• Wearing comfortable clothes appropriate for a variety of creative projects

• Sunscreen applied at home before camp 

• An apron or smock, if desired, for cooking, printmaking, etc.

• A clean (worn!) t-shirt to silkscreen (just once a week)

---

#### Daily Fare: what (else) CAMP 510 provides:

• A *CAMP 510* t-shirt (your camper will participate in silkscreening their own CAMP 510 shirt using up-cycled t-shirts brought from home). Professionally silk-screened hoodies are available for purchase.

• Morning and Afternoon snacks, homemade in our CAMP kitchen using local, seasonal and organic ingredients like Blossom Bluff peaches and Dirty Girl Farm tomatoes.

As always if questions arise, please contact us! 510.610.7450



