---
layout: blog_full_layout
title: Week 8 STart (August 8-12)&#58; Sonic Stuff
category: start
image: https://dl.dropboxusercontent.com/s/7p6yel7qcupbxfv/kitster_10k.jpg?dl=0
---

###Sound, Sewing Collage, Cooking


###Exploration of Sounds and Handmade Instruments

CAMPers create symphonies by listening to and recording sounds from the outside day-to-day world around us, and then making instruments to play in accompaniment of these recordings. We will walk around the campus daily, collecting sounds both human-made and from nature - a stick tapping on a tree, birds chirping, cars driving, chairs creaking, and buildings groaning. Parents may help their kids record sounds at home as well - a pet, a dryer, family voices, etc. With these field recordings, we will put together a composition in which we play music and noise instruments that we will make - from carrot flutes, to bamboo percussion instruments, from rain sticks to water glass chimes. 

CAMPers will also perform this music by creating a non-traditional composition, using colors, drawings, pictures (collage art!), and inventing names for our instruments. CAMPers map out and organize the song/composition that we will play for our audience. Using this kind of graphic notation is both a sonic exploration, as well as a visual exploration. 

No sounds are wrong. Mistakes are welcome. The point is simply to rethink the concept of music by exploring the sounds around us and playing and creating music along with these sounds. 

**_Artist/Musician:_** Jeff Ray


###Creative Creatures (Sewing)

Imagine and then bring to life stuffed monsters, animals, and other fantastic friends. CAMPers use colorful socks and gloves to sew these collaged creatures, drawing inspiration from anime, illustrated books, and our wide imaginations.

**_Artist:_** Angie Wilson


###Cooking

This week chefs make treats from around the world including spring rolls, gyoza and tamales. Local produce sourced from Blue Heron Farms, Dirty Girl Produce, Full Belly Farms and Riverdog Farm. 

**_Chef:_** Terry Betts

**_$420_**

*STart CAMP is open to CAMPers entering grades 1-5*
