---
layout: blog_full_layout
title: Week 2 START (July 5-8)&#58; Earth Energy
category: start
image: https://dl.dropboxusercontent.com/s/or2og8ylz4ubsun/IMG_5842_op17.jpg?dl=0
image2: https://dl.dropboxusercontent.com/s/ks8089ki9ef7g47/IMG_6895_op20.jpg?dl=0
---

##Time, Clay, Movement 

###Kinetic Art

Traditional art work can be fun to try, yet there are limitations to both 2d and 3d mediums. This project explores time, gravity, and building techniques, while adding an artistic flair. It will be unlike any art project that you have experienced before.

**Artist/Maker:_** Alex Nolan


###Ceramics: 

These workshops are an opportunity for beginning students to explore the basics of the ceramic process; from wet clay for hand building, leather hard clay for carving and modeling, and ﬁnally the glazing and ﬁring processes. CAMPers will use clay hand building and construction techniques such as slab building, coil making and pinch pots. 

**_Artist:_** Chelsea Smith


###Capoeira
 
Capoeira is a dynamic expression of Afro-Brazilian culture. The game of capoeira derived from a variety of ceremonial dances and ritualized forms of combat, that most likely came from the western nations of Africa. Capoeira became an activity that drew together people of African descent, becoming a nucleus for maintaining African traditions in the Americas. From the 1900's on, capoeira began to cross ethnic backgrounds and cultural borders. Today capoeira is an international activity practiced all over the world. It embodies the spirit of community and gives it's practitioners a means to personal growth and liberation from social and personal constraints

**Contremestre:_** Professor Pincel


**_$490_** (This is a four day week)

*STart CAMP is open to CAMPers entering grades 1-5*
