---
layout: blog_full_layout
title: Week 4 START (July 18-22)&#58; Wrinkles in Time
category: start
image: https://dl.dropboxusercontent.com/s/yrwvhumzkv9hz74/clock_6k.jpg?dl=0
image2: https://dl.dropboxusercontent.com/s/7yysryrxvs6n28b/babyowl.jpg?dl=0
---


### Kinetic Art, Sewing, Capoeira

###Fourth Dimension/Moving Art

Traditional art work can be fun to try, yet there are limitations to both 2d and 3d mediums. This project explores time, gravity, and building techniques, while adding an artistic flair. It will be unlike any art project that you have experienced before.

**_Artist/Maker:_** Alex Nolan


### Creative Creatures

Imagine and then bring to life stuffed monsters, animals, and other fantastic friends. CAMPers use colorful socks and gloves to sew these collaged creatures, drawing inspiration from anime, illustrated books, and our wide imaginations.

**_Artist:_** Angie Wilson

	
### Capoeira
 
Capoeira is a dynamic expression of Afro-Brazilian culture.  The game of capoeira derived from a variety of ceremonial dances and ritualized forms of combat, that most likely came from the western nations of Africa. Capoeira became an activity that drew together people of African descent, becoming a nucleus for maintaining African traditions in the Americas.  From the 1900's on, capoeira began to cross ethnic backgrounds and cultural borders.  Today capoeira is an international activity practiced all over the world.  It embodies the spirit of community and gives it's practitioners a means to personal growth and liberation from social and personal constraints

**_Contremestre:_** Professor Pincel

**_$540_**

*STart CAMP is open to CAMPers entering grades 1-5*
